VISUAL_FEATURES_GUIDE.md, before:

# Visual Features Quick Start Guide

## 🎨 What's New?

Your Wyyrrddd app now has amazing visual enhancements with:

### ✨ Multiple Scrolling Modes

1. **📱 Grid Mode** (Default)
   - Traditional vertical scrolling
   - Fade-in animations for each post
   - Scroll progress bar at the top

2. **↔️ Horizontal Scroll Mode**
   - Swipe side-to-side through posts
   - Snap-to-card behavior
   - Animated dot indicators at the bottom
   - Click indicators to jump to specific posts

3. **🎠 Carousel Mode**
   - Centered card focus
   - Beautiful glowing backgrounds
   - Perfect for browsing one post at a time

4. **🕸️ Web Mode** (Existing)
   - Network visualization of connections

5. **🌌 Space Mode** (Existing)
   - 3D immersive experience

### ✨ Glow Effects

- **Cards**: Glow on hover with rainbow gradients (blue → purple → pink)
- **Buttons**: Color-matched shadows that intensify on hover
- **Navigation**: Active page indicators with pulsing rings
- **Title**: Glowing text effect on the Wyyrrddd logo
- **Boost Module**: Animated pulsing border

### ✨ Particle Effects

- **Background Particles**: Full-screen animated particles that respond to your mouse
- **Floating Orbs**: Colorful orbs behind each post card
- **Sparkles**: Appear when you hover over posts
- **Token Interactions**: Burst effects when you spend tokens
- **Success Celebrations**: Particles float up when you share

### ✨ Enhanced Animations

- Cards fade in with staggered timing
- Buttons scale up on hover (105%) and down on press (95%)
- Smooth gradient transitions
- Pulsing and shimmer effects
- Floating animations

## 🚀 How to Use

### Switch View Modes
1. Look for the view mode toggle below the search bar
2. Tap any mode: Grid, Scroll, Carousel, Web, or Space
3. Each mode has unique interactions!

### Horizontal Scrolling
1. Select "↔️ Scroll" or "🎠 Carousel" mode
2. Swipe left/right or scroll horizontally
3. Watch the dots at the bottom - they show your position
4. Click any dot to jump to that post

### Interact with Posts
1. Hover over any post to see sparkles ✨
2. Click token buttons to see particle bursts
3. Click share to see success animations
4. Notice the glow effects on hover

### Navigation
1. Bottom navigation now has glowing effects
2. Active page shows a pulsing indicator
3. Hover any icon to see it scale up
4. Center camera button has special glow ring

## 🎯 Visual Effects Breakdown

### On Page Load
- Ambient particles start moving in background
- Cards fade in one by one
- Scroll hint appears (if in horizontal mode)

### On Hover
- Post cards: Glow effect + sparkles
- Buttons: Shadow intensifies + scale up
- Nav items: Scale up + color change

### On Click
- Token buttons: Particle burst + rune animation
- Share button: Success particles + celebration
- Upload button: Scale down effect

### While Scrolling
- Horizontal: Snap to cards smoothly
- Vertical: Progress bar updates
- Indicators follow position

## 💡 Tips

1. **Performance**: Animations are GPU-accelerated for smooth 60fps
2. **Mobile**: Full touch gesture support with snap points
3. **Dark Mode**: All effects adapt to dark theme
4. **Accessibility**: Can be reduced if user prefers reduced motion

## 🎨 Color System

- **Blue** (#3B82F6): Primary actions (Like, Upload)
- **Purple** (#8B5CF6): Secondary accents
- **Pink** (#EC4899): Highlights
- **Green** (#10B981): Success states (Share, Active)
- **Yellow** (#FBBF24): Attention (Boost)

## 🔧 Technical Stack

- **React 19.2**: Latest React features
- **TypeScript**: Type safety
- **CSS3 Animations**: Hardware accelerated
- **Canvas API**: Particle systems
- **TailwindCSS**: Utility styling

## 📱 Browser Support

- ✅ Chrome/Edge (Recommended)
- ✅ Firefox
- ✅ Safari
- ✅ Mobile browsers

## 🎪 Easter Eggs

Try these:
1. Move your mouse around the screen - particles avoid it!
2. Hover over a post card for 2+ seconds - continuous sparkles
3. Rapidly click token buttons - particle explosion!
4. Switch between view modes - smooth transitions
5. Scroll fast in horizontal mode - momentum scrolling

## 🚀 Running the App

```bash
# Install dependencies (if needed)
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## 🎯 What to Test

1. ✅ Switch between all 5 view modes
2. ✅ Scroll horizontally and vertically
3. ✅ Hover over posts and buttons
4. ✅ Click token and share buttons
5. ✅ Navigate between pages
6. ✅ Try on mobile device
7. ✅ Test in dark mode
8. ✅ Upload a post
9. ✅ Use the boost module
10. ✅ Move mouse around screen

## 📊 Performance

- **60 FPS** animations
- **< 5% CPU** usage for particles
- **Smooth scrolling** on mobile
- **Optimized** for low-end devices

Enjoy the enhanced visual experience! 🎉

Commit message:

feat: Integrate Perplexity AI search functionality and enhance documentation
- Added PerplexitySearch component for AI-powered search with four modes: General, Help, Web3, and Explain.
- Implemented Perplexity API integration for intelligent responses and content recommendations.
- Created ENV_SETUP.md and PERPLEXITY_GUIDE.md for environment variable setup and user instructions.
- Updated App component to include the new PerplexitySearch feature.
- Enhanced deployment documentation with detailed instructions for hosting and API key setup.
- Bumped version to 2.1.0 to reflect new features and improvements.

VISUAL_FEATURES_GUIDE.md, after:

# Visual Features Quick Start Guide

🌐 **Live at**: [wyyrrddd.fun](https://wyyrrddd.fun)

## 🎨 What's New?

Your Wyyrrddd app now has amazing visual enhancements and AI-powered features:

### 🔮 **AI-Powered Search (NEW!)**
- **Perplexity AI Integration** for intelligent search and Q&A
- **4 Search Modes**: General, Help, Web3, and Explain
- **Floating Search Button** with purple/pink gradient
- **Real-time Answers** from the latest information
- See [PERPLEXITY_GUIDE.md](./PERPLEXITY_GUIDE.md) for details

### ✨ **Visual Enhancements**

### ✨ Multiple Scrolling Modes

1. **📱 Grid Mode** (Default)
   - Traditional vertical scrolling
   - Fade-in animations for each post
   - Scroll progress bar at the top

2. **↔️ Horizontal Scroll Mode**
   - Swipe side-to-side through posts
   - Snap-to-card behavior
   - Animated dot indicators at the bottom
   - Click indicators to jump to specific posts

3. **🎠 Carousel Mode**
   - Centered card focus
   - Beautiful glowing backgrounds
   - Perfect for browsing one post at a time

4. **🕸️ Web Mode** (Existing)
   - Network visualization of connections

5. **🌌 Space Mode** (Existing)
   - 3D immersive experience

### ✨ Glow Effects

- **Cards**: Glow on hover with rainbow gradients (blue → purple → pink)
- **Buttons**: Color-matched shadows that intensify on hover
- **Navigation**: Active page indicators with pulsing rings
- **Title**: Glowing text effect on the Wyyrrddd logo
- **Boost Module**: Animated pulsing border

### ✨ Particle Effects

- **Background Particles**: Full-screen animated particles that respond to your mouse
- **Floating Orbs**: Colorful orbs behind each post card
- **Sparkles**: Appear when you hover over posts
- **Token Interactions**: Burst effects when you spend tokens
- **Success Celebrations**: Particles float up when you share

### ✨ Enhanced Animations

- Cards fade in with staggered timing
- Buttons scale up on hover (105%) and down on press (95%)
- Smooth gradient transitions
- Pulsing and shimmer effects
- Floating animations

## 🚀 How to Use

### Use AI Search (NEW!)

1. **Look at the top center** of the screen - see the floating AI search bar
2. **Click the search bar** to see 6 example queries float out beautifully
3. **Choose a mode**: 🔍 Search, 💡 Help, ⛓️ Web3, or 📚 Explain
4. **Click an example** or type your own question:
   - "What is Polkadot?"
   - "How do I use carousel mode?"
   - "Explain smart contracts"
5. **Get instant AI-powered answers!**

### Switch View Modes
1. Look for the view mode toggle below the search bar
2. Tap any mode: Grid, Scroll, Carousel, Web, or Space
3. Each mode has unique interactions!

### Horizontal Scrolling
1. Select "↔️ Scroll" or "🎠 Carousel" mode
2. Swipe left/right or scroll horizontally
3. Watch the dots at the bottom - they show your position
4. Click any dot to jump to that post

### Interact with Posts
1. Hover over any post to see sparkles ✨
2. Click token buttons to see particle bursts
3. Click share to see success animations
4. Notice the glow effects on hover

### Navigation
1. Bottom navigation now has glowing effects
2. Active page shows a pulsing indicator
3. Hover any icon to see it scale up
4. Center camera button has special glow ring

## 🎯 Visual Effects Breakdown

### On Page Load
- Ambient particles start moving in background
- Cards fade in one by one
- Scroll hint appears (if in horizontal mode)

### On Hover
- Post cards: Glow effect + sparkles
- Buttons: Shadow intensifies + scale up
- Nav items: Scale up + color change

### On Click
- Token buttons: Particle burst + rune animation
- Share button: Success particles + celebration
- Upload button: Scale down effect

### While Scrolling
- Horizontal: Snap to cards smoothly
- Vertical: Progress bar updates
- Indicators follow position

## 💡 Tips

1. **Performance**: Animations are GPU-accelerated for smooth 60fps
2. **Mobile**: Full touch gesture support with snap points
3. **Dark Mode**: All effects adapt to dark theme
4. **Accessibility**: Can be reduced if user prefers reduced motion

## 🎨 Color System

- **Blue** (#3B82F6): Primary actions (Like, Upload)
- **Purple** (#8B5CF6): Secondary accents
- **Pink** (#EC4899): Highlights
- **Green** (#10B981): Success states (Share, Active)
- **Yellow** (#FBBF24): Attention (Boost)

## 🔧 Technical Stack

- **React 19.2**: Latest React features
- **TypeScript**: Type safety
- **CSS3 Animations**: Hardware accelerated
- **Canvas API**: Particle systems
- **TailwindCSS**: Utility styling

## 📱 Browser Support

- ✅ Chrome/Edge (Recommended)
- ✅ Firefox
- ✅ Safari
- ✅ Mobile browsers

## 🎪 Easter Eggs

Try these:
1. Move your mouse around the screen - particles avoid it!
2. Hover over a post card for 2+ seconds - continuous sparkles
3. Rapidly click token buttons - particle explosion!
4. Switch between view modes - smooth transitions
5. Scroll fast in horizontal mode - momentum scrolling

## 🚀 Running the App

```bash
# Install dependencies (if needed)
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

## 🎯 What to Test

1. ✅ Switch between all 5 view modes
2. ✅ Scroll horizontally and vertically
3. ✅ Hover over posts and buttons
4. ✅ Click token and share buttons
5. ✅ Navigate between pages
6. ✅ Try on mobile device
7. ✅ Test in dark mode
8. ✅ Upload a post
9. ✅ Use the boost module
10. ✅ Move mouse around screen

## 📊 Performance

- **60 FPS** animations
- **< 5% CPU** usage for particles
- **Smooth scrolling** on mobile
- **Optimized** for low-end devices

Enjoy the enhanced visual experience! 🎉
